Is it normal for a man to not have all fingers on one hand?
If the vice president were to die, who is supposed to be president?
Why is it against the law for a man living in Lahore to be buried in Karachi?
Which is correct? “Penguins flies” or "A penguin flies"
If you’re running a race and you pass the person in second place, what place are you in?
Mary’s father has 5 daughters but no sons - Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. What is the fifth daughter’s name?
The wind blows west. An electric train runs east. In which direction does the smoke from the train blow?
If a rooster lays an egg on the roof of the barn, which way will the egg roll?
Which weighs more, a pound of feathers or a pound of bricks?
A girl fell off a 50-foot ladder but didn’t get hurt. Is it possible?
Can a girl go 25 days without sleep?
Before Mount Everest was discovered, what was the tallest mountain on Earth?
There are three important rooms in a house. The first one is filled with money. The second one is filled with important papers. The third one is filled with jewellery. One day all these rooms burst into fire. Which room did the policemen put out the fire in first?
A monkey, a squirrel and a bird are racing to the top of a coconut tree. Who will get the banana first?
If you have only one match and you walk into a dark room where there is an oil lamp, a newspaper and a candle - which thing would you light first?
Everything inside a single storey house is pink. It has pink walls, pink curtains, pink doors, pink sofas, pink chairs. What is the colour of the stairs?
How many animals of the same species did Moses place on the ark?
A boy kicked his soccer ball ten feet, and then had it come back to him on its own. Is it possible?
What is the maximum number of times a single page of a newspaper can be folded in half by hand?
It’s a stormy night and a plane takes off from Allama Iqbal Intl. Airport in Lahore. The storm worsens and the plane crashes. Half of it lands in Pakistan and the other half in India. In which country do you bury the survivors?
If you have a bowl with 6 apples and you take away 4, how many do you have?
A farmer had 15 sheep and all but 8 died. How many are left?
Uncle Bill’s farm had a terrible storm and twenty, but seven sheep were killed. How many sheep are still alive?
There are 50 dogs in a dog show. There are 30 more small dogs than large dogs. How many large dogs are there?
A bat and a ball cost $1.10 in total. The bat costs $1.00 more than the ball. How much does the ball cost?
A choir of 120 people takes 15 minutes to sing the national anthem. How long would it take 60 people to sing the anthem?
If you divide 20 by half and add 10, what do you get?
5 machines take 5 seconds to produce 5 photocopies. How many seconds will 100 machines take to produce 100 photocopies?
Jerry received both the 15th highest and 15th lowest marks in the class. How many students are in the class?
A man buys a goat for $60, sells it for $70, buys it back for $80, and finally sells it for $90. How much has he made?
When Ahmad was 40, Ali was half his age. When Ahmad turns 50, how old is Ali?
In a lake, there is a patch of lily pads. Every day, the patch doubles in size. If it takes 48 days for the patch to cover the entire lake, how long would it take for the patch to cover half of the lake?
If a doctor gives you 3 pills and tells you to take one pill every half hour, how long would it take before all the pills had been taken?
Jim and Tom decided to play tennis against each other. They bet $1 on each game. Jim won 3 games and Tom won $5. How many games did they play?
A family has two parents and six sons. Each of the sons has one sister. How many people are in the family?